Easy programming and prototyping with 14-pin ATtiny devices. [https://www.tindie.com/products/bot_thoughts/eezee-attiny244484-breakout/ For sale on Tindie]

= Introduction =

I want to experiment with the ATtiny24/44/84 14-pin devices and I prototype on breadboards. The eeZee Medium Tiny will make it easier to get started. The board is a surface-mount evolution of an open source through hole design.

= Features =

Easily prototype and program your 14-pin ATtiny with this breakout / target board using the included 6-pin AVRISP (ISP) header.

  * Works with ATtiny24, ATtiny44, ATtiny84
  * Included 16MHz crystal and caps**
  * Compact AVRISP connector for easy programming
  * Perfect for breadboarding
  * 0.1uF and 10uF (or larger) filtering capacitors pre-soldered
  * All 14 pins exposed for breadboarding
  * Reset switch and pull-up resistor included
  * All you need to do is solder in the pin headers and add your own 14-pin ATtiny.

= Assembly =

All you have to do is...

  * Solder on 10-pin headers on the bottom
  * Solder in the 20-pin DIP socket on the top if not yet installed
    * Align the notch with the board silkscreen
    * Notch should be farthest away from the switch and AVRISP header
  * Solder on the 6-pin AVRISP pin header on top
  * Solder on the reset switch if not installed already

= Operating Conditions =

Please use your ATtiny breakout boards with regulated supplies of 5V or less, with minimal ripple, at temperatures around 25C (77F). Do not use the boards in higher temperature conditions.