#summary Breadboard switch with pull-up and debounce

The compact eeZee Switch contains a 10k pull-up resistor, 0.1uF debounce capacitor, and a switch.

With Rev 0.2, you can hook it up to use the pull-up resistor, the debounce cap, both, or neither, making it convenient and fast to properly add a switch to your breadboard project.

= Assembly =

 * Install the switch on the side indicated by the silk screen
 * Install the pin headers on the board so the switch faces up

= How to Use =

== Rev 0.2 ==
With R0.2, you can select to use the debounce cap, the pullup resistor, both, or neither.

The bottom of the board shows the circuit diagram.

=== Pull-Up Resistor ===
To use the pull-up resistor, connect the resistor pin to VCC, otherwise leave it disconnected. Connect the pin next to it to your MCU.

=== Debounce Capacitor ===
To use the debounce, connect the debounce cap pin to ground, otherwise leave it disconnected. Connect the pin next to it to ground.

=== Just the Switch ===
To just use the switch, inline or otherwise, connect only the pins adjacent to the switch into your circuit.


== Rev 0.1 ==
 * Connect VCC to your microcontroller's power supply
 * Connect the pin next to VCC to your microcontroller
 * Connect the remaining two pins opposite VCC to ground
The switch is active-low. You can set up an external interrupt on your microcontroller to fire whenever the pin changes state or changes to a low state, depending on your MCU. You can also poll the pin connected to the switch and wait until the logic level is low.