#summary WS2812B RGB LED for breadboard

The WS2812B is the latest smart RGB module with onboard microcontroller and polarity protection.

= 3.3V Devices =

 * Care should be taken with 3.3V devices.
 * Use 5V tolerant pins or a level shifter.
 * The 10K pull-up resistor on DIN ensures correct logic levels.
 * This resistor limits current through 3.3V device clamping diodes.
 * Parallax Propeller can tolerate this current.

= Assembly =

 * Install the pin headers on the board so the LED is facing up
 * Connect VDD to 5V capable of driving 60mA per module
 * Connect GND to ground
 * Connect DIN to a pin on your microcontroller

== Connecting additional RGB modules ==

 * Connect VDD and GND as described above
 * Connect the first module's DIN to the microcontroller
 * Connect its DOUT to the next module's DIN
 * Repeat for each module

= Arduino: Quick Start =

 * Grab a copy of the [http://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_NeoPixel/ Adafruit NeoPixel Library]
 * Follow instructions at the link above to install the NeoPixel library
 * You can find my [https://code.google.com/p/bot-thoughts-eezee/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2FeeZeeRGB%2Ffirmware example code here]
 * Connect DIN to Arduino D8
 * Compile and download the firmware to your Arduino

= Propeller =

You can find a WS2812B driver [http://obex.parallax.com/object/703 here]. I have not tested the code myself.

= mbed =

[http://mbed.org/users/okini3939/code/LEDTape_WS2812/ Example]. I have not tested the code myself.

= Datasheet =

[http://www.mikrocontroller.net/attachment/180459/WS2812B_preliminary.pdf WS2812B_preliminary.pdf]